[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: Let's talk about how to use a
generator to solve our running example of
parallel files ASAP rendering.
First thing this get file
function is currently
given to you with an ASQ
returning capability.
Exactly the same thing could
happen if you return a Promise.
So there's no reason you have to
do asynquence, sequences, here.
Because the runner that I've provided
you is capable of understanding Promises
equally well with sequences.
I just started out there because
that's the place that we were
at the end of the other exercise.
But there is no requirement
that this is a sequence only.
[COUGH] Okay, so
we're gonna do ASQ().runner.
Remember I gotta put
this parentheses on here.
You have to start a sequence cuz this
is a method of a sequence rather
than a static function.
And I'm gonna pass it
>> Kyle: A generator which I'll
call main for now.
>> Kyle: That's my basic set up.
If you ended up after this class never
using asynquence again and you went and
you used the co utility
guess what you're gonna do.
You gonna replace that part with co and
if you ended up using the Q library
you're gonna replace that
part with Q.spawn, okay?
So every one of them has
the same utility on it.
All the stuff that I'm teaching you
here is not asynquence specific.
All right, now inside of our utility,
we need to call the getFile function and
when it responds to us then
we need to print it out.
So we could say, text1 = yield
getFile("file1"); and
then output(text1);.
And then we could say text2 = yield
getFile("file2"); and output(text2);.
And then text3 = yield
getFile("file3"); and
output(text3), and
then output("Complete!"), okay?
We could do that.
Does everybody, before we answer
whether or not this is fully correct or
the right way,
does everybody see how that would work?
We're going to wait for
text1 to get assigned until
after this request finishes.
So that's what the yield
keyword is giving us here.
We're yielding on this Ajax call.
This is a Promise, so we're yielding
out the Promise the runner in
asynquence knows what to do with
that Promise of that sequence and
it waits resumes and
gives us the data back, okay?
But now,
does anybody spot a problem with this?
>> Speaker 2: It's not a request if it-
>> Kyle: Exactly,
see we're not even calling this
one until after this one finishes
have violates our in
parallel principle right.
So, if you want to do sequentiality
in generators, it's pretty easy.
You just put a function call after
a yield, and it's going to be sequential.
But if you wanna do things in parallel,
you have to be ever so
slightly more clever.
So here's what we're gonna do.
I'm going to take that getFile call and
move it up here.
>> Kyle: And I'm gonna take that call.
And I'm going to move it here.
And you'll notice that I'm not putting
the yield keyword in those calls,
that's on purpose.
So now, if I requested all
three of them in parallel,
does everybody see that, exactly the same
as it's been all day long, okay?
Well now that I've got those getFile
calls, I don't need those anymore.
So what am I gonna replace them with?
I'm gonna replace them with the Promise,
all right?
>> Kyle: So
now we have request in
parallel sequencing their
output.
>> Kyle: Does
everybody see how I did that?
Cuz the promises, what do they do?
What is their most fundamental thing,
even thumps, what do they do?
They eliminate the time state.
So it doesn't matter when when these
are going to relatively finish,
we're going to sequence their
responses based upon how we write
the yield code.
>> Speaker 3: Instead of assigning
the yield p1 to text1,
could you just say output-
>> Kyle: I'm about to get there.
I'm just asking to make sure everybody
understands this part, okay?
Is there anybody that having
trouble understanding this part?
All right, so now exactly as you just
said, I'm assigning this to a variable and
then immediately printing the variable.
Why do I need the variable.
Why not just take this yield p1 and
put it right there and take that line out.
And take this yield p2 and put it
right there and take those lines out.
And take this yield p3 and
put it right there and
take those lines out.
>> Kyle: How cool is that?
Compare that to what we've progressively
been building from where we started
the beginning of this workshop with all
that ridiculous callback nightmare.
Then thunks in Promises,
in map and reduce, in asynquence.
We got better and better and better.
But how many of you feel like we've
arrived at something a whole lot
better than where we started, right?
No new functionality whatsoever.
Just an entirely different and
better way of expressing the same code,
why does that matter?
Because our code is
a form of communication.
We need to communicate not only
with our other team members but
with our future selves of
what the code supposed to do.
This is more expressive.
It's more understandable,
it's more readable, it's more learnable.
Given the ability to write code like
that I cannot understand how I spent so
many years writing all that other crap.
>> Kyle: I
wish I could go back and fix all those
other bad pieces of code that I wrote.
Any questions about exercise seven?
There's no other magic here.
I'm going to challenge you to go back and
reread through the slides,
and retry the exercises.
But it really is as simple
as it looks right there.
It really is as simple as asking myself,
do I need something to happen in parallel?
If so, store those things into
intermediate Promises and
then sequence their responses.
Do I need to have them
happen sequentially?
Make sure they show up after
yield keywords, that's it.
And if you need higher levels
of abstraction like some
of those abstractions we talked about with
Promise.at all or other things like that.
Guess what you have access to all
that stuff these are just Promises.
So you can use promise.all and
promise.raise in any of
those other abstractions as necessary
because they all just produce promises.
So you could do a yield promised.all.
If you needed to wait on all three to
finish before moving on to the next step,
just yield promised.all.
If you need to only listen for
one or three to finish and
you don't care which one happens first,
yield promised.raise.
Or any of the other dozens of
abstractions that are out there.
That's another benefit of weaving
Promises into the generator patterns,
that we have access to all those
obstructions if we need it.
>> Kyle: Any level of complexity
that you have in asynchronous
programming can be woven into
the style.
>> Kyle: But
you're not going to get there
unless you practice this, so
I'm going to challenge you don't let
this be the last time you look at it,
you walk away and you like, that's cool
but I'm still gonna do all the old stuff.
It's time to up our game.
It's time to practice and try to get
our brains wrap around this new style.
I promise you, your team members and
your future self are gonna
thank you the more effort you put in
making your code more reasonable.
Okay, any more questions about
generators and Promises.
How are we feeling so
far feeling like your brains
are starting get a little bit mush.
Okay, see a few in both directions.
Yeah you might need a little bit
more caffeine that's cool, got it.
We're gonna take a break.
So go get yourself a recharge of your
caffeine your monster drink or whatever.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Kyle: Because when we come back
we're going to take the red pill and
go even further down the rabbit hole.